DOC-733: 5.6.2 release notes (#1797)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: release-notes/release-notes562.md

---
layout: default
title: TinyMCE 5.6.2
title_nav: TinyMCE 5.6.2
description: Release notes for TinyMCE 5.6.2
keywords: releasenotes bugfixes
---

## Overview

{{site.productname}} 5.6.2 was released for {{site.enterpriseversion}} and {{site.cloudname}} on Wednesday, December 9<sup>th</sup>, 2020. It includes {{site.productname}} 5.6.2 and additional changes to premium plugins. These release notes provide an overview of the changes for {{site.productname}} 5.6.2, including:

- [Accompanying Premium Plugin changes](#accompanyingpremiumpluginchanges)
- [General bug fixes](#generalbugfixes)
- [Upgrading to the latest version of TinyMCE 5](#upgradingtothelatestversionoftinymce5)

{{site.releasenotes_for_stable}}

## Accompanying Premium Plugin changes

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {{site.productname}} 5.6.2.

### Enterprise language packs 5.5.1

> The {{site.productname}} 5.6.2 release includes an accompanying release of the **Enterprise language packs** premium plugin.

Reviewer: "**Enterprise language packs** premium plugin"?

> The **Enterprise language packs** 5.5.1 provides the following bug fix:

Author: ```suggestion
Version 5.5.1 of the **Enterprise language packs** includes the following bug fix:
```

> **Enterprise language packs** 5.5.1 provides the following improvements:

Reviewer: ?
